Problem 1: Given a list of numbers and a number k, return whether any two numbers from the list add up to k.
    Completed on 3-10-22
Problem 2: Given an array of integers, return a new array such that each element at index i of the new array is the product of all the numbers in the original array except the one at i.
    Completed on 3-11-22
Problem 3: Given the root to a binary tree, implement serialize(root), which serializes the tree into a string, and deserialize(s), which deserializes the string back into the tree.
    Incomplete
Problem 4: Given an array of integers, find the first missing positive integer in linear time and constant space. In other words, find the lowest positive integer that does not exist in the array. The array can contain duplicates and negative numbers as well.
    Completed 3-13-22
Problem 5: cons(a, b) constructs a pair, and car(pair) and cdr(pair) returns the first and last element of that pair. For example, car(cons(3, 4)) returns 3, and cdr(cons(3, 4)) returns 4.
    Looked Up Solution on 3-15-22
Problem 6: An XOR linked list is a more memory efficient doubly linked list. Instead of each node holding next and prev fields, it holds a field named both, which is an XOR of the next node and the previous node. Implement an XOR linked list; it has an add(element) which adds the element to the end, and a get(index) which returns the node at index.
    Incomplete
Problem 7: Given the mapping a = 1, b = 2, ... z = 26, and an encoded message, count the number of ways it can be decoded.
    Mostly Completed on 3-16-22; Doesn't work for all cases
Problem 8: Given the root to a binary tree, count the number of unival subtrees
    Wrong Pseudo-code created 3-17-22
Problem 9: Given a list of integers, write a function that returns the largest sum of non-adjacent numbers. Numbers can be 0 or negative.
    Completed 3-18-22
Problem 10: Implement a job scheduler which takes in a function f and an integer n, and calls f after n milliseconds.
    Looked Up Solution on 3-19-22
Problem 11: Implement an autocomplete system. That is, given a query string s and a set of all possible query strings, return all strings in the set that have s as a prefix.
    Incomplete
Problem 12: There exists a staircase with N steps, and you can climb up either 1 or 2 steps at a time. Given N, write a function that returns the number of unique ways you can climb the staircase. The order of the steps matters.
    Incomplete
Problem 13: Given an integer k and a string s, find the length of the longest substring that contains at most k distinct characters.
    Incomplete
Problem 14: The area of a circle is defined as πr^2. Estimate π to 3 decimal places using a Monte Carlo method.
    Completed 3-23-22
